fix: changed the id into class in horizontal inline template (#2470)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/polite-jobs-show.md

---
'@solid-design-system/docs': patch
---

> changed the id into class in step-group template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed `hide-label` attribute from an `id` into `class` on the `Step Group` template.
```
